JKNS-257: updates around new multi container sample pod templates in the openshift jenkins image (#39610)
openshift/openshift-docs: openshift_images/using_images/images-other-jenkins-agent.adoc

Use and extend an appropriate agent image version for the your of {product-title}. If the `oc` client version that is embedded in the agent image is not compatible with the {product-title} version, unexpected behavior can result.
====

{product-title} also provides sample pod templates defined in the {product-title} Jenkins image that illustrates how to use these agent images with the Jenkins Kubernetes plug-in.

The four pod templates defined are:
- The `maven` pod template, which uses a single container that uses the {product-title} Maven Jenkins agent image.
- The 'nodejs' pod template which uses a single container that uses the {product-title} Node.js Jenkins agent image.

> - The 'java-builder' pod template which employs 2 containers.  One is the 'jnlp' container which uses the {product-title}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The 'java-builder' pod template which employs two containers. One is the 'jnlp' container which uses the {product-title}
```

Use and extend an appropriate agent image version for the your of {product-title}. If the `oc` client version that is embedded in the agent image is not compatible with the {product-title} version, unexpected behavior can result.
====

{product-title} also provides sample PodTemplates defined in the {product-title}
Jenkins image that illustrates how to use these agent images with the

> Jenkins Kubernetes plug-in.

Reviewer: Please remove all hard breaks from all paragraphs.

> The four PodTemplates defined are:

Reviewer: Please replace all instances of "PodTemplates" with "`PodTemplates` <object type>" OR "pod templates".

> - The 'maven' PodTemplate which uses a single container that uses the {product-title} Maven Jenkins agent image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `maven` pod template, which uses a single container that uses the {product-title} Maven Jenkins agent image.
```
Please replace all single quotes with backticks.
